initialize readme (#7)
AshwinBhatkal/ashwinbhatkal.com: README.md

> This is the repo for Ashwin Bhatkal's personal website. Click [here]('https://ashwinbhatkal.com')

Author: remove single quotes
```suggestion
This is the repo for Ashwin Bhatkal's personal website. Click [here](https://ashwinbhatkal.com)
```
